Metadata-Version: 1.1
Name: ejtp
Version: 0.9.6
Summary: Encrypted JSON Transport Protocol library
Home-page: https://github.com/campadrenalin/EJTP-lib-python/
Author: Philip Horger
Author-email: philip.horger@gmail.com
License: UNKNOWN
Description: 
        
        Encrypted JSON Transport Protocol
        ---------------------------------
        
        EJTP is an overlay protocol that allows the pluggable use of underlying transports, such as UDP, TCP, HTTP, IRC, Email and carrier pigeon to provide a cryptographically secure network of unreliable message forwarding. You can think of it as a bit like a more general-purpose and security-minded successor to XMPP, using JSON rather than XML as its frame medium.
        
        On top of a simple frame format, EJTP boasts a consistent and simple format for describing encryption credentials, which is useful even without the rest of EJTP. The ejtp-crypto script makes it easy for other projects to take advantage of this pending a native port of ejtp.crypto to languages other than Python.
        
        The intention of EJTP is to make it trivial to establish secure and NAT-oblivious distributed services across a common network of message relays. Your system only has to worry about exchanging encryption credentials and establishing a connection with a relay host, helping to pave the way toward distributed apps that run entirely in HTML5 (pending a port of the project to JS). You can be serverless *and* smartphone-friendly.
        
        Optionally supports elliptic curve cryptography if the PyECC_ module is installed.
        
        For more technical and in-depth information, visit the `Github project <https://github.com/campadrenalin/EJTP-lib-python>`_.
        
        .. _PyECC: https://pypi.python.org/pypi/PyECC
        
Platform: UNKNOWN
Classifier: Development Status :: 4 - Beta
Classifier: License :: OSI Approved :: GNU Library or Lesser General Public License (LGPL)
Classifier: Environment :: Console
Classifier: Programming Language :: Python
Classifier: Programming Language :: Python :: 2.6
Classifier: Programming Language :: Python :: 2.7
Classifier: Programming Language :: Python :: 3
Classifier: Programming Language :: Python :: 3.0
Classifier: Programming Language :: Python :: 3.1
Classifier: Programming Language :: Python :: 3.2
Classifier: Programming Language :: Python :: 3.3
Classifier: Operating System :: MacOS :: MacOS X
Classifier: Operating System :: Microsoft :: Windows
Classifier: Operating System :: POSIX
Classifier: Intended Audience :: Developers
Classifier: Topic :: Communications
Classifier: Topic :: Internet
Classifier: Topic :: Security :: Cryptography
