Metadata-Version: 1.1
Name: pybool
Version: 1.3.2
Summary: pybool: A package to infer Boolean networks.
Home-page: http://sysbio.mrc-bsu.cam.ac.uk/johns/pybool/docs/build/html/index.html
Author: John Reid
Author-email: johnbaronreid@netscape.net
License: BSD
Description: pybool: A python package that infers Boolean networks given a set of constraints.
        
        Consider the common scenario of a biologist who is studying a particular
        regulatory network. They study a set of genes that are known to play a role in the
        network. They have some background knowledge of particular regulatory connections
        from his own studies or from the literature. In addition to this they have
        perturbation data that reveals the temporal order of expression of the genes under
        some conditions. For example, these could be derived from loss-of-function
        or over-expression experiments. The biologist would like to elucidate the entire
        network and to this end can perform various experiments to test particular regulatory
        connections. These experiments are costly and time-consuming. Which
        connections should they focus on? This is where the pybool package can help.
        By modelling candidate regulatory networks using Boolean logic, pybool evaluates
        which networks are consistent with the perturbation data and the known
        regulatory connections.
        
Platform: UNKNOWN
Classifier: Development Status :: 5 - Production/Stable
Classifier: Environment :: Console
Classifier: Intended Audience :: Developers
Classifier: Intended Audience :: Science/Research
Classifier: License :: OSI Approved :: BSD License
Classifier: Operating System :: MacOS :: MacOS X
Classifier: Operating System :: POSIX
Classifier: Operating System :: Microsoft :: Windows
Classifier: Programming Language :: Python
Classifier: Programming Language :: C++
Classifier: Topic :: Scientific/Engineering
Classifier: Topic :: Scientific/Engineering :: Mathematics
Classifier: Topic :: Scientific/Engineering :: Bio-Informatics
Classifier: Topic :: Utilities
